01-TakeHomeTask-Candidate.id
7/6/2023
ICE Take-Home Task
Introduction
We're excited to have you as part of our interview process! This take-home task is designed to evaluate your technical skills, system design approach, and overall software craftsmanship. We encourage you to treat it as if you were implementing a production-ready system.
Context
Imagine you are part of the team building a music metadata service for a streaming platform akin to Spotify or Apple Music, that serves millions of users worldwide. Your task is to design and implement a Music Metadata Service that stores and provides metadata about different music tracks and artists. Our goal is to provide a user-friendly interface where customers can effortlessly access this information.
Task Requirements
Your task is to design and implement a system that provides the following user experiences:
1. Add a New Track: As a user, you should be able to add a new track to an artist's catalogue, capturing attributes such as track title, genre, length, etc.
2. Edit Artist Name: As a user, you should be able to edit an artist's name to accommodate instances where artists have multiple aliases.
3. Fetch Artist Tracks: As a user, you should be able to fetch all tracks associated with a specific artist.
4. Artist of the Day: As a user, you should be able to see a different "Artist of the Day" in a cyclical manner on the homepage each day, ensuring a fair rotation through the entire catalogue of artists.
This means if there are n artists, after n days, the cycle restarts with the first artist, ensuring an equal chance for each artist to be the "Artist of the Day".
These requirements brief provide an outline for the service. However, how you approach these requirements, how you design and implement the system, and how you anticipate and plan for potential issues is entirely up to you. We encourage you to make assumptions where necessary, but please ensure that you document and justify those assumptions.
Extra Information
• Languages: Your application should be implemented using a JVM language of your choice.
• Freedom of Choice: You are free to choose the build tools, libraries, frameworks, etc., that you want to use.
• Production-Ready: Despite being a relatively straightforward application, we want your implementation to be ready for production. We understand that "production-ready" may have different interpretations, and we look forward to discussing what it means to you during the review.
Deliverables
Please submit your solution either as a link to a public repository or as a zip file with all the necessary components for a production-ready system. Be prepared to present and explain your design and
1/2